 MV: $5000 Reward, Dead or Alive (1911)  PL: Steve Frazer, a young cowpuncher on the Bar X Ranch, loved Madie, the PL: winsome daughter of Chet Howard, the sheriff, and she was not indifferent PL: to the manly cowboy. Loverlike, they had a post office in the mountains, PL: among the rocks, and many little notes were exchanged between the happy PL: pair. The mountains sheltered a pair of holdup men, who had long terrorized PL: the country, and the cattlemen after a conference, decided to offer a PL: reward for the capture, dead or a live, of the mysterious bandits. The PL: notices were posted by the sheriff, but the depredations of the bandits PL: continued, and one morning a ranchman, going home with a large amount of PL: money, the payroll for his employees, was held up and robbed by one of the PL: pair. The bandit escaped into the shelter of the mountain and by a strange PL: coincidence cached the bag of gold in the lover's post office. Shortly PL: after Steve Frazer rode up to get his accustomed note and found instead the PL: bag of gold. Leaving the note and taking the gold, he hurries to the PL: sheriff's home to report his discovery. A posse is formed and they start PL: immediately for the scene of the holdup. In the meantime the bandit who PL: committed the daring crime has sent his confederate, with minute PL: instructions, to procure the gold cached in the lover's post office. He PL: finds the place, but instead of the desired gold he finds a note: "If you PL: love me as I love you, No knife can cut our love in two." Believing that PL: his partner has duped him, he returns to the rendezvous and accuses him of PL: double crossing him. This is denied emphatically, and together they return PL: to the rock, but only find the note. Both are now thoroughly angry, and PL: accusations against each other are fast and furious. "When thieves fall PL: out, honest men get their dues," and forgetting where they are, start to PL: fight. They are thus engaged when the posse come upon them and they are PL: easily captured. The reward offered for their capture goes to Steve Frazer PL: and he is now in a position to claim the winsome Madie Howard, and the PL: culmination is a happy one.  BY: Moving Picture World synopsis  